Accomplishments:

ArgoCD: set up ArgoCD instances (beta/prod). Fully integrated with other systems in Apple: ProdGit OAuth for AuthN/AuthZ, Prometheus/Grafana for monitoring. Advised the team on ArgoCD’s best practices, integration with CD pipelines for GitOps implementation. Hardened and scaled up ArgoCD to host applications for Solr infra monitoring and DEVEL/TEST services for ACI Kube migration.

Orca-Jenkins: worked with Data Engineering team and DataOps for general migration of Orca-Jenkins to ACI Kube: migration of Jenkins configurations to ACI Kube-based ConfigMaps, migration of classic jobs to Pipeline-based jobs for resiliency against container restarts, advising on ArgoCD/Kustomize usage for updates/deployments.

CD for Kube: First implementations of nightly deployment and on-demand deployment for ACI Kube: Docker images for Jenkins agent to execute Gradle/ArgoCD commands, basic automation scripts, Jenkins shared library for orchestration. On-going.

ACI Kube migration:
url-bucketing-service: Worked with Weian to deploy Swift-based service into ACI-Kube, from DEVEL->QA->STAGING->PROD. Advised Weian on Splunk logging, Hubble metrics. Implemented automated deployment Jenkins jobs (Kustomize-based) for Weian's self-service.
anf-toolbox migration with PCL: Migrated anf-toolbox repository to ACI Kube using PCL: three ANF-toolbox services, converted Gneiss team's/Independent Release with oddities in their Slug build/PIE deployment into corresponding Gradle jib/PCL-based jobs.
Advised Cathy/Vladimir on special cases of PCL implementations and ACI Kube's best practices: StatefulSets for multi-process services, best practices for different volume types, etc.
Worked with News-SRE for background services and other implementations: Access control policies, event-watchers for logging events, pod-reaper for automatic cleanup.
SAFE requests: worked with SAFE to prioritize resource quotas.

Misc. team duties:
1.44 Release DRI.
Refactoring and continue improving Jupyter runbook: more readable and easier-to-update Splunk queries and better generation of clickable URLs (use in runbook/sent to Slack).
Help DevOps team/on-call people with issues in PIE Compute deployments and PIE Secrets.

Strengths:
Proficient in Kubernetes ecosystem.
Proficient with Jenkins & Python, their plugin/ecosystems and their general best practices.
Desire to automate/innovate DevOps tools and processes.

Opportunities:
Contribute to Build/Gradle plugin system in Apple News.

Interests
Path to ICT5.