Accomplishments:

ArgoCD: setting up ArgoCD instances (beta/prod). Fully integrated with other systems in Apple: ProdGit OAuth for authentication/authorization, Prometheus/Grafana for monitoring. Advised the team on ArgoCD’s best practices, integration with CI/CD pipelines for GitOps implementation. Upgraded and scaled up ArgoCD prod to host applications for Solr infra monitoring as well as DEVEL/TEST services for ACI Kube migration.

Orca-Jenkins: working with Data Engineering team and DataOps for general migraiton of Orca-Jenkins to ACI Kube: migration of Jenkins configurations to ACI Kube-based ConfigMaps, migration of classic jobs to Pipeline-based jobs for resiliency against container restarts, advising on ArgoCD/Kustomize usage for updates/deployments.

CI/CD: First implementations of nightly deployment and on-demand deployment for ACI Kube: Docker images for Jenkins agent to execute Gradle/ArgoCD commands, basic automation scripts, Jenkins shared library for orchestration. On-going project.

ACI Kube migration:
url-bucketing-service: Worked with Weian to deploy Swift-based service into ACI-Kube, from DEVEL->QA->STAGING->PROD. Advised Weian on Splunk logging, Hubble metrics. Implemented automated deployment Jenkins jobs (Kustomize-based) for Weian's self-service.
anf-toolbox migration with PCL: Porting anf-toolbox repository to ACI Kube using PCL: three ANF-toolbox services, convert Gneiss team's/Independent Release with idiosyncrasies in their Slug build/PIE deployment into corresponding Gradle jib/PCL-based jobs.
Advised Cathy/Vladimir on different special cases of PCL implementations and ACI Kube's best practices: StatefulSets for multi-process services, best practices for different types of volumes, etc.
Work with News-SRE for background services and other implementations: Access control policies, event-watchers for logging events into Splunk, pod-reaper for automatic cleanup.
SAFE requests: work with Ben/SAFE team to prioritize resource quotas. 

Misc. team duties:
1.44 Release DRI.
Refactoring and continue improving Jupyter runbook: more readable and easier-to-update Splunk queries and better generation of clickable URLs (use in runbook/sent to Slack).
Help DevOps team/on-call people with issues in PIE Compute deployments and PIE Secrets.


Strengths:
Proficient in Kubernetes ecosystem.
Proficient with Jenkins & Python, their plugin/ecosystems and their general best practices.
Desire to automate/innovate DevOps tools and processes.

Opportunities:
Contribute to Build/Gradle plugin system in Apple News.

Interests
Technical track and path to ICT5.